[generel] Added a Licensing Model for the Importer (major) (#1741)
tresorone/tresor-import: README.md

5. Write a parser in `src/brokers` to parse that content - see `src/brokers/comdirect.js` for inspiration
6. Add and run all tests `npm t`
7. Create a Pull Request

# Licensing

Usage of this codebase is permitted according to the GNU Affero General Public License v3 (AGPL-3.0).

> **HERE'S AN INCOMPLETE SUMMARY. READ THE [FULL LICENSE](LICENSE) BEFORE USING**

Reviewer: I thinks it's better to add a new line for a better readability.

```suggestion

**HERE'S AN INCOMPLETE SUMMARY. READ THE [FULL LICENSE](LICENSE) BEFORE USING.**
```

> **THIS PARAGRAPH GIVES ONLY AN INCOMPLETE AND ROUGH OVERVIEW. READ THE LICENSE BEFORE USING**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**HERE'S AN INCOMPLETE SUMMARY. READ THE FULL LICENSE BEFORE USING**
```

Reviewer 2: Let's add a link here to the full license.

> - You are allowed to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You are permitted to:
```

  - Use this codebase in any way you want including commercially

>   - Modify and distribute the Codebase in any way ou want

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Modify and distribute the codebase in any way you want
```

- You MUST:

>   - respect the copyright which is held by the maintainers of this project

Reviewer: Also I would recomend to start each point with an capital letter

>   - respect the Copyright which is held by the maintainers of this project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - respect the copyright which is held by the maintainers of this project
```

>   - You MUST disclose all changes you made to the code and also publish any code directly based on this code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  -  disclose all changes you made to the code and also publish any code directly based on this code
```

>   - You MUST give attribution to the orignal maintainers when using this project (especially when used commercially)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - give attribution to the orignal maintainers when using this project (especially when used commercially)
```

- You can not
  - Sublicense this codebase

>   - expect any Liability, Warranty or similar by the original Maintainers. However, we want to improve

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - expect any liability, warranty or similar by the original maintainers. However, we want to improve
```

    this project as much as possible so feedback is heard!

> See also the following image, taken from [TL;DR Legal](https://www.tldrlegal.com/l/agpl3).

Reviewer: Oh nice service. Good to know it.
